add Wrangler Tail to commands documentation. (#765)
cloudflare/workers-docs: src/content/tooling/wrangler/commands.md

  If you have feedback about `wrangler dev` or general questions, we will respond [here](https://github.com/cloudflare/wrangler/issues/1047).

> ### tail

Reviewer: Should show the  syntax  and options as in `init`
```
wrangler tail  --port PORT --metrics-port PORT
```
Or similar to show flags as optional

Reviewer: A concise definition of the command should live here at the top under the syntax

Reviewer 2: +1 to adding a usage example (as long as we state that the flags are optional)

Author: added; used the bracket notation for indicating these were optional.

#### Dependencies

>   Wrangler tail uses cloudflared under the hood. If you are already using cloudflared, be sure you have installed the latest version. Otherwise, follow the [getting started guide](https://developers.cloudflare.com/argo-tunnel/quickstart/) for Argo Tunnel.

Reviewer: Explain all argo tunnel stuff here
```suggestion
  Wrangler tail uses cloudflared under the hood. If you are already using cloudflared, be sure you have installed the latest version. Otherwise, follow the [getting started guide](https://developers.cloudflare.com/argo-tunnel/quickstart/) for Argo Tunnel.
`wrangler tail` will register a tailing session for your Worker, and start a server on `localhost` with a [tunnel](https://developers.cloudflare.com/argo-tunnel/quickstart/) that listens for incoming log requests from your Worker. 
```
Since the usage should be how do I the user use the command after I installed cloudflared.

>   Wrangler tail uses cloudflared under the hood. If you are already using cloudflared, be sure you have installed the latest version. Otherwise, follow the [getting started guide](https://developers.cloudflare.com/argo-tunnel/quickstart/) for Argo Tunnel.

Reviewer 2: correct me if i'm wrong, but this requires a paid argo tunnel subscription, right? can we document that here?

Author: actually no, we use the free tunnels. eventually it would be cool to provide support for using the paid version, but i'm inclined to wait for requests.

#### Usage

>   `wrangler tail` will register a tailing session for your Worker, and start a server on `localhost` with a [tunnel](https://developers.cloudflare.com/argo-tunnel/quickstart/) that listens for incoming log requests from your Worker. After starting `wrangler tail` in a directory with a project, you will receive a live feed of console and exception logs for each request your Worker receives.

Reviewer 3: do we want to link to the quickstart twice?

Author: mmmmm nah
```suggestion
  `wrangler tail` will register a tailing session for your Worker, and start a server on `localhost` with a tunnel that listens for incoming log requests from your Worker. After starting `wrangler tail` in a directory with a project, you will receive a live feed of console and exception logs for each request your Worker receives.
```

>   Like all Wrangler commands, you should run `wrangler tail` from your Worker's root directory. You can configure the port for your local log server by passing the `--port` flag. An additional port is used for serving metrics information for the tunnel; this can be configured by passing the `--metrics-port` flag.

Reviewer: Worker's root directory is awkward for workers sites i think. Also it's aasier to find and read flags in a list
```suggestion
  Like all Wrangler commands, run `wrangler tail` from your Worker's root directory (i.e. the directory with your `wrangler.toml`).
  
   ## Optional Flags
   * `--port PORT`: the port for your local log server 
   *  `--metrics-port PORT`: the port for serving metrics information for the tunnel. 
```
should "for the tunnel" be "about the tunnel"?

>   Like all Wrangler commands, you should run `wrangler tail` from your Worker's root directory. You can configure the port for your local log server by passing the `--port` flag. An additional port is used for serving metrics information for the tunnel; this can be configured by passing the `--metrics-port` flag.

Reviewer 2: i haven't used the `metrics-port` flag yet, but maybe it would be useful to show example output here?

Author: i think actually i should link to the argo tunnel docs about this endpoint, as it is orthogonal to wrangler tail but necessary to add to config since it demands  its own port.

>   Like all Wrangler commands, you should run `wrangler tail` from your Worker's root directory. You can configure the port for your local log server by passing the `--port` flag. An additional port is used for serving metrics information for the tunnel; this can be configured by passing the `--metrics-port` flag.

Reviewer 3: i still find it confusing that there is `--metrics-port` and `--port`, i think `--port` should be more descriptive

Author: `--metrics-port` will eventually be deprecated; its existence is the result of a leaky abstraction.

  If you have feedback about `wrangler dev` or general questions, we will respond [here](https://github.com/cloudflare/wrangler/issues/1047).

### tail

#### Dependencies

  Wrangler tail uses cloudflared under the hood. If you are already using cloudflared, be sure you have installed the latest version. Otherwise, follow the [getting started guide](https://developers.cloudflare.com/argo-tunnel/quickstart/) for Argo Tunnel.

#### Usage

>   `wrangler tail` will register a tailing session for your Worker, and start a server on `localhost` with a tunnel that listens for incoming log requests from your Worker. After starting `wrangler tail` in a directory with a project, you will receive a live feed of console and exception logs for each request your Worker receives.

Author: ```suggestion
  After starting `wrangler tail` in a directory with a project, you will receive a live feed of console and exception logs for each request your Worker receives.
```

  Like all Wrangler commands, run `wrangler tail` from your Worker's root directory (i.e. the directory with your `wrangler.toml`).
  
   ## Optional Flags
   * `--port PORT`: the port for your local log server 

>    *  `--metrics-port PORT`: the port for serving metrics information about the tunnel. 

Author: ```suggestion
   *  `--metrics-port PORT`: the port for serving [metrics information](https://developers.cloudflare.com/argo-tunnel/reference/arguments/#metrics) about the tunnel.
```

  If you have feedback about `wrangler dev` or general questions, we will respond [here](https://github.com/cloudflare/wrangler/issues/1047).

### tail

  Starts a log tailing session for a deployed Worker.

  ```bash

>   wrangler tail [--port] [--metrics-port]

Author: ```suggestion
  wrangler tail [--port  PORT] [--metrics-port PORT]
```
